OBSDOCS-1680: Port the Configuring LokiStack storage chapter (#88436)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/logging/logging-6.2/log6x-loki-6.2.adoc

Reviewer: `Core Setup and Configuration` section seems to not be formatted properly

Author: I was trying to investigate why the section is formatted the way it is. Unfortunately it is taking up lots of time. I've created a Jira to investigate this: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OBSDOCS-1686. We can get back to this once we have the doc set complete. WDYT?

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
[id="log6x-loki-6-2"]
= Storing logs with LokiStack
:context: log6x-loki-6.2

toc::[]

You can configure a `LokiStack` CR to store application, audit, and infrastructure-related logs.

include::snippets/log6x-loki-statement-snip.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/log6x-loki-sizing.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="prerequisites-6-2_{context}"]
== Prerequisites

> * You have installed the {loki-op} by using the CLI or web console.

Author: done

> * You have a `serviceAccount` in the same namespace in which you create the `ClusterLogForwarder`.

Author: done

> * The `serviceAccount` is assigned `collect-audit-logs`, `collect-application-logs`, and `collect-infrastructure-logs` cluster roles.

Author: done

[id="setup-6-2_{context}"]

> == Core Setup and Configuration

Author: done

> *Role-based access controls, basic monitoring, and pod placement to deploy Loki.*

Author: thanks, really nice suggestion.

include::modules/log6x-loki-rbac-rules-perms.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/log6x-enabling-loki-alerts.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/log6x-loki-memberlist-ip.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/log6x-loki-retention.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/log6x-loki-pod-placement.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="performance-6-2_{context}"]

> == Enhanced Reliability and Performance

Author: done

> *Configurations to ensure Loki’s reliability and efficiency in production.*

Author: nice one, updated

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
[id="log6x-loki-6-2"]
= Storing logs with LokiStack
:context: log6x-loki-6.2

toc::[]

> You can configure a `LokiStack` CR to store application, audit, and infrastructure-related logs.

Author: done

include::snippets/log6x-loki-statement-snip.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/log6x-loki-sizing.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="prerequisites-6-2_{context}"]
== Prerequisites

* You have installed the {loki-op} by using the command-line interface (CLI) or web console.

> * You have a `serviceAccount` in the same namespace in which you created the `ClusterLogForwarder`.

Author: done

> * The `serviceAccount` is assigned the `collect-audit-logs`, `collect-application-logs`, and `collect-infrastructure-logs` cluster roles.

Author: done

[id="setup-6-2_{context}"]

> == Core Set up and configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Core set up and configuration
```

Author: fixed

Use role-based access controls, basic monitoring, and pod placement to deploy Loki.

include::modules/log6x-loki-rbac-rules-perms.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/log6x-enabling-loki-alerts.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/log6x-loki-memberlist-ip.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/log6x-loki-retention.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/log6x-loki-pod-placement.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="performance-6-2_{context}"]
== Enhanced reliability and performance

> Use the following configurations to ensure Loki’s reliability and efficiency in production.

Author: fixed

include::modules/log6x-identity-federation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/log6x-loki-reliability-hardening.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/log6x-loki-restart-hardening.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="advanced-6-2_{context}"]

> == Advanced Deployment and Scalability
> *Specialized configurations for high availability, scalability, and error handling.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Advanced deployment and scalability

To configure high availability, scalability, and error handling, use the following information.
```

- Capitalization is not needed for the whole heading.
- Is there a reason why line no. 44 is in bold? It's not providing a clear direction for users.

Author: I don't know why it was bold (i just ported and not wrote!). But you are right, it doesn't look good. Thanks for the suggested rewrite, it reads much better.

include::modules/log6x-loki-zone-aware-rep.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/log6x-loki-zone-fail-recovery.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> include::modules/log6x-loki-rate-limit-errors.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer 2: - If these modules are a part of **Advanced deployment and scalability** then consider placing them one level down from the heading "Advanced deployment and scalability".

Currently the structure looks like this:

<img width="360" alt="Screenshot 2025-02-26 at 12 52 11 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/23a79f58-104b-4d73-a333-b414287ca6a0" />

Author: I'd probably change this in the future. Right now we are just trying to get the missing pieces (and there a bucket load of them!) in the 6.2 docs. The content might even be restructured soon. So keeping it the way it is for now (https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.16/observability/logging/logging-6.0/log6x-loki.html). WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Sounds fine
